refresh jobs for downstream exposures (#7005)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/exposures.md

- run, test, and list resources that feed into your exposure
- populate a dedicated page in the auto-generated [documentation](/docs/build/documentation) site with context relevant to data consumers

Exposures can be defined in two ways:

> - Manual &mdash; Defined [manually](/docs/build/exposures#declaring-an-exposure) and explicitly in your project’s YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manual &mdash; Declared [explicitly](/docs/build/exposures#declaring-an-exposure) in your project’s YAML files.
```

> - Automatic &mdash; Pulled automatically for supported dbt Cloud integrations. dbt Cloud automatically [creates and visualizes downstream exposures](/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures), removing the need for manual YAML definitions. These downstream exposures are stored in dbt’s metadata system, appear in [dbt Explorer](/docs/collaborate/explore-projects), and behave like manual exposures, however they don’t exist in YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic &mdash;  dbt Cloud [creates and visualizes downstream exposures](/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures) automatically for supported integrations, removing the need for manual YAML definitions. These downstream exposures are stored in dbt’s metadata system, appear in [dbt Explorer](/docs/collaborate/explore-projects), and behave like manual exposures. However, they don’t exist in YAML files.
```
